osmolality
[zotpress items="{4352520:CBCZ4NUE},{4352520:X4R4HEV8},{4352520:9TKXPSRG},{4352520:KLWZEEVJ},{4352520:5MR7DXSF},{4352520:9NH57SUE},{4352520:Y2RFUAUR},{4352520:DPLZVDMT},{4352520:9VUADELR}" style="apa"]

test
[zotpress items="{4352520:CBCZ4NUE}" style="apa"]


CURRENT

I'm having a problem with single.php that began when I rest my stage environment in preparation for a theme and ACF update. 

page.php 
-- parts/content-page.php - IS working ^^

single.php
-- parts/content-post.php (blog) - NOT working ^^
-- parts/content-lubricant.php (CPT) - IS working
-- parts/content-offer.php (CPT) - IS working

^^ content-page.php and content-post.php are identical. 

If you look at a blog post, you'll see no post parts or errors are displayed - like it doesn't recognize single.php or content-post.php ... and isn't falling back to index.php or content.php ... and it has no idea there's a problem    

BACKGROUND

A bit long, but in case it provides clues ...

I originally saw this issue when I first reset my stage environment. At that time it affected both Posts and Pages, while my CPTs were fine. 

I also noted an issue with the Favorites plugin. I do not use this on Post. Even so, I am getting an error here:
http://staging.jazzy-mice.flywheelsites.com/blog/

But not here - and they are the same part and did work fine live. 
http://staging.jazzy-mice.flywheelsites.com/?s=aloe

Instead of doing another reset or otherwise fixing these issues before moving ahead, I stupidly did my updates. WTF was I thinking?  

I got everything working in stage except for the page/page-zotaro.php template part which also worked fine live, but in stage worked on Page but not Post. 

I ignored that problem and pushed my staged updates to the live site - again, WTF?

Once live, Posts weren't displaying but Page and CPT were fine. At suggestion of chat support, I tried moving my staged changes a second time, and that seemed to fie the Post issue. 

So I went back to solving the mystery of why the zotaro part was working for Page and not Post when everything about Post and Page are identical except CSS. 

One thing I did was rename the part. And that's when Post stopped showing parts again. Tried changing back to original file name with no luck.  


